# CS-255
My client DriverPass desired a system for their company. They wanted to provide a platform for students to train for their driving test by taking driving lessons, online classes, and driving exams. The system had to be online and accessible for laptops, computers, phones, iPad's, etc. The DriverPass project was to design this system for the client. 
I was able to create multiple UML diagrams for the DriverPass project. These diagrams represent the clients desires quite well. They provide an understanding of exactly what they wish to be accomplished within timeframe of the project.
If I could choose one part of the documents to revise, I would improve upon the business requirements document. I would do this by making the Gantt Chart more fluid as suggested. Considering the schedule can change, the chart should show the possibility. 
As for the system design document, I believe this was done very well. I wrote down each user's needs and what they had in common or what a user shouldn't have access to. I was able to implement the use case diagram by jotting each actor and their needs below them before creating it. It's always important to consider the user's needs when designing so something is not missed later on. It helps the coding and testing team ensure they create the system as requested. More documentation, the better.
I approach designing software as the blueprint to implementing a system. For a building, if a piece or room is missing in the blueprint, it won't be built during the construction phase. For both coding and physically building, this costs a great deal of money. In the future, I will go over the clients interview multiple times and if something is not clear I will ask additional questions. This helps ensure nothing is missed.
